
Tell me about your experience:

Hi, My name is Tenzin Dorji, 

Current role:
Devops Engineer at spectrum (Platform engineering team) for ecommerce buyflow. 
- I am role is to automate infrastucture as a code, I use puppet to achieve this goal 
- Also, automate the deployment process for microservices 
- Design and implement highly reliavable resislant infrastucture 

- The tools and technologies I am using right now are, puppet, Jenkins, haproxy, springboot framework, elastic search , kafka and zookeeper, Appdynamics and splunk for monitory.
- Most of user infrastucture are Linux redhat servers.
- scripting languages I am using is bash and python

Its be exactly one year I joined spectrum organization. I am in St Louis Missori 

Before spectrum, I was working as site reliability engineer for Intuit in Bay area in California.
I was working for financial data platform, it is an infrastructure layer between Intuit products like turbo tax, mint, quick-books and Financial institutions.
- My was to perform deployment, setup monitoring, maintain infrastructure, upgrade, patching, security fixes, enhancement, creating automations, and also migration.
- The tools and technologies I used AWS cloud, chef, spinnaker and ArgoCD for deployment, Kubernetes, Docker,
- Bash and python was the scripting langauge I used.

Before that, I was in New Jersy working for Merck Pharmacutical for almost 8 years. 
- I was leading the weboperation team.
- My role was to design and deploy high reliable web insfructure to java applications in apache and tomcat. 
- Migrate legacy infracture to Pivotal cloud foundry hosted in AWS cloud 
- Also, perform deployment, setup monitoring, maintain infrastructure, upgrade, patching, security fixes, enhancement, creating automations. 


Lastly,
I did my graduation in Electronics and Communications from  India. I started my career in Accenture India in the year 2012
I love photography, like to travel a lot and also like to cook.  I loved to play Tennis and Ping Pong.

---------------
My name is Tenzin Dorji, I am from Bhutan. I did my graduation in Electronics and Communications from  India.
I started my career in Accenture India in the year 2012 and worked there for 4 years. In 2015,
I got opportunity to move to New Jersey to work from client location Merck(Pharma Company).

My primary role was to design, maintenance, support on prem web infrastructure for hosting java base applications.
I used to provide my expertise to dev team with hosting issues on 4000 plus websites.
I did lot of complex redirections, and migrated around 20 plus applications from on perm website to Cloud.

I was primary technical point of contact for www.merck.com. I designed and created jenkin pipeline for
deployment and releases to over come slow legacy deployment.  Due to pipeline, release and deployment was fast and simless for client.
This was one of the mile stone achievement.


I created couple of automations during this tenure like log rotation, system monitoring like CPU, Disk and memory usage.
This help greatly during oncall and was able to detects issues before users reports.

Then gradually I took up additional roles on AWS Cloud, Pivotal Cloud Foundry and change management.
Later my role was mostly on Pivotal Cloud Foundry, and there I used to automate infrastructure deployment, user provisioning
patching and upgrade, set up monitoring.

I used to worked closing with clients, platform team and offshore team.


Beginning of last year, I got opportunity to come to bay area through Kforce to work for Intuit.
Here I am working as SRE for Financial Data Platform team. This is an infrastructure layer between Intuit
products like turbo tax, mint, quick-books and Financial institutions.

There are around 60 plus services using financial Data platform. We have a team of 12 SREs in US and 5 in India.
We provide support to dev team, perform deployment, setup monitoring, maintain infrastructure, upgrade, patching
, security fixes, creating automations, and also migration.

Here, We follow two types of deployment model. One using chef which is old way of deployment and another is through spinnaker UI
Both model follows blue and green deployment for zero down time. Intuit has planned to migrate all the services to Kubernetes.
All the tax flow services are already migrated to Kubernetes.

In the mid of last year, I took up responsibility to reduce signal to noise ratio, we were getting 100s of noisy alerts every
day like 6 months ago, now we get less alerts and are actual alerts.

Also, I took up responsibility to optimize AWS cost for entire financial data platform area and upgrade splunk forwarder.

We have oncall on rotation bases and I have been oncall many times.


Lastly, I am a good team player and loved to learn new things.

I love photography, like to travel a lot and also like to cook.  I loved to play Tennis and Ping Pong.


What I observed here in California is its diversity and I was really amazed by it.

I lived by the Moto “Be true to yourself, that’s the secret of happiness”.
